Laugh at you
Does this guy know what he's talking about?
Mr. Ye also established meritorious deeds in the past
And he's right.
Jade dragon is not what I said
Just like him, now, distinguished guests, excuse me
Our manager explained that you are all VIPs.
It's not appropriate to eat in a private room like ours
You can follow me to the third floor for dinner
The third floor is a top VIP.
Your manager has a good eye.
Come on, class.
Let's go to the third floor and sit
Oh, I forgot to take the two luxury car keys haha.
Ah!
Let's go too
Mr. Ye, please go to the third floor
Our manager explained it.
Wow, this is the supreme private room on the third floor
Have a look at the collection.
I want to take a picture.
I want all the students who didn't come to see it
This is the first time I have boarded the VIP room on the third floor
Wow, so much wine!
Do you see it?
This is the advantage of foreigners
It's not like some people don't know anything
You have to follow the light.
Now that you know me
Then follow the unexpected rules
Use my identity
It stands to reason that it should be discounted.
But I'm not a greedy person.
Here's your tip.
We can't accept tips here.
Not allowed, sorry, uh
But our manager's words have a special explanation.
All your purchases today are free.
Good to see, it's still Brother Wang's face
How about you keep saying
Look down on my billionaire identity
But our identity
Possible
It's a privilege you'll never get in your life
This hotel is a model hotel
And I'm an executive in a branch of the model
They just recognized me.
I will give you free services.
You think it's for your sake
Bought by you
Not for my sake
Is it because of your face?
Yes, you are Ye
Sir's face